Tell everyone you have peed your pants.
Have a photoshoot with you or something and take atleast 6 photos.
Share a song you like but people will find weird.
Send 3 people in your dms the lipbite emoji.
Make a nice treat.
Send 'hi i miss u ^-^" to someone you havent dmed in forever.
Share a photo you have gotten from other discord servers.
Jump until the next persons turn ends.
Do a fortnite dance and send it in memes.
Face reveal... or  ę  ļ  §  ə  : ). (jk)
Make a drawing of someones elses pfp.
Draw someones username in the simpsons font.
Make a haiku based on someone in the server (It has three lines.  It has five syllables in the first and third lines.  t has seven syllables in the second line.  Its lines don't rhyme.  It includes a kireji, or cutting word.  It includes a kigo, a seasonal reference.)
Make a fake name that people have to call you until its your turn again.
Cqncel someone in the server >:D.
Change your pfp into whatever the person before you chooses.
Make your discord profile match with someone elses.
Do a dance routine that lasts 15 seconds.
Watch a show you havent finished.
Say T-T (optional)
Say uwu (optional)
Talk like your favorite character until its your turn again.
Make "let it go" puns until its your turn again.
Listen to your LONGEST playlist.
Send an eye reveal. (make sure the flash is not on!)
Send a nose reveal.
Send a ear reveal.
Send a hair reveal (piece of hair or a photo with only your hair.)
Type like a minion until its your turn again.
Do a jump.
Make a person of your choosing match your pfp for 3 days (you can change it to anything before its time to match)
Make a playlist and fill it with everyones song of choice.
Play a roblox game of someones choosing for 10 minutes [cannot be unsafe or dangerous (not talking about shooting or horror games but games that are bad to play)]
Talk like an anime character until its your turn again
Listen to your least favorite song
Play with or as a game character or asset you dislike
Send your fav game screenshot
Play without doing a trick you do to win (if you fail, you have to touch grass.)